As a thirty-plus year-old who has recently made more of an effort to play video games, it became apparent to me that my journey into this digital pastime, like many, is deeply rooted around this holiday.

Who could possibly forget, at six years old, unwrapping a brand-new Game Boy Color with a copy of Pokémon Blue and being totally enamored with it despite not having a fucking clue what it was. I was so impressed that, in my thanks to the grandparents that gifted it to me, I felt compelled to acknowledge how much money that must have in order to purchase something so great. What followed was a journey into the unknown, learning what to do with the game cartridge; how to turn the handheld on. Like many millenials who grew up with it, I can still hear the startup chime that came with powering on the Color. I was immediately hooked, but again, I had no idea what I was doing. I couldn't even read at that time, so Professor Oak's introduction into the vast world of Pokémon was totally lost on me when I figured out that I could progress the screen by mashing the "A" button. This, comically, led to my character's and rival's names consisting of the maximum character length with just the letter A because that's what the input's cursor was initially on whenever Oak would ask for their names.

Eventually, the old man finished and I was "digitized" and transported into the world of Pokémon. I can't remember how long I walked around "my room", pressing random buttons attempting to interact with various items, before I walked over the staircase in the corner and was immediately transported into another dimension being the downstairs of my digital self's home. I blindly found my way outside and then I went north and stepped into the tall grass, where my screen stopped responding to my inputs and a small character, which, unbeknownst to me, would be the old man that I was just acquainting myself with, would enter the screen to stop me.

So it began: I would go on to choose my first Pokémon (I can't remember which I initially chose, though Bulbasaur would later be my favorite), take part in the first of many battles between rivals AAAAAAA and AAAAAAA, deliver Oak's parcel containing the Pokédex (thanks largely in part to my older cousin who happened to learn how to progress the story at that point through a friend), and go on to strive to be the best Pokémon master that there ever was. Or at least, that would eventually go on to be the case about a week later when my parents helped my brother and me discover the save feature described in the manual that the game came with. I am very thankful that that manual didn't find it's way into the garbage with the rest of the packaging and wrapping paper.

This would be my first foray into video games. It would be the start of what I would most look forward to coming home from school, how I would entertain myself on the few road trips that my family would take, what we would do when staying over with friends, and be the primary form of escapism that would get me through my painfully awkward teenage years.

This has been fun, and I think I'm looking forward to reflecting on video games and the impact that the holidays had on them as a yearly tradition. From wherever you might be reading this and whatever you choose to celebrate, may the holiday season and new year bring you good fortune and, as always, happy gaming.